All right my friends we've pretty much handled the entire authentication side and it actually looks
kind of reasonable at this point as well.
So in this video we're gonna start to get back on track and focus on the original application we were
building which is this kind of e commerce application so we still have to put together the entire product
listing functionality the shopping cart stuff we have to finish up the admin panel and allow users to
create edit and delete products as well.
I know that seems like a lot of work considering how much time we spent on this stuff so far but honestly
we have covered just about 90 or 95 percent of everything that you need to understand about Express
J.S. so everything that we're going to do from this point on is mostly just a bunch of typing.
It's really just repeating everything that we've already learned everything is going to be really just
very repetitive from this point on.
So we're still gonna have forms that require validation.
We're going to do some H generation to list out elements like so all that kind of good stuff just repeated
over and over the next we're going to focus on is the product listing and product creation features
on the admin panels specifically.
We really have to finish up the admin panel before we worry about listing out products to our users
or even implementing these shopping cart is it doesn't make sense to try to list our products or implement
the shopping cart until we have some actual products added to our application.
Let's take a quick pause right here.
When come back the next video we're gonna start to work on the ability for a user to list out products
and create them edit them delete them and so on.